Human-Computer Interaction
Human-computer interaction (HCI) is the field of study that aims to enhance how users and computers interact 
by providing interactive computer interfaces. It focuses on designing, implementing, and evaluating interactive
interfaces that improves user experience using computing devices. It is helpful to have a simple, natural,
and precise interaction for communities lacking knowledge and formal training on computer-based systems. 

The HCI is composed of 4 key components which are:
1. The USER
It refers to an individual or a group of individuals that participate in a common task.
 It studies users’ needs, goals, and interaction patterns that analyzes the cognitive 
capabilities of users, emotions, experiences to provide smooth experience while interacting
 with the key technologies of IR 4.0.
2. The GOAL-ORIENTED TASK
A user always has a purpose or goal in mind when using a computer system. To have a better
user experience we must consider the complexity of the task that needs to be accomplished, 
the knowledge and skills necessary to interact with the digital object, and lastly, the time 
required to carry out the task.
3. The INTERFACE
The Interface is a significant HCI component that can improve the overall user interaction 
experience. Various interface-related aspects must be considered, such as interaction type 
(touch, click, gesture, or voice), screen resolution, display size, or even color contrast. 
Users can adjust these depending on the user’s needs and requirements.
4. The CONTEXT
HCI considers the context and environment in which the system is accessible in addition to 
improving communication between humans and computers.

	Since Industrial Revolution 4.0 is characterized by increasing automation and the employment of 
smart machines and smart factories, we could see that human-computer interaction is a helpful tool to 
ensure smooth interaction. Since operators become involved in the manufacturing process for critical 
decision-making, the interface system should allow commands that are easily and rapidly entered to 
increase the accuracy, safety, and speed of problem-solving. There are a lot of interfaces that are 
being implemented now, such as touch, voice, and gesture interfaces, that provide accurate interaction 
between the technologies of Industrial Revolution 4.0.